src/guide.md, before:

## Loading a model

The simplest way to use HiGHS to solve a model is to load it 
from a file using the method [__readModel__](http://ergo-code.github.io/HiGHS/python/example-py.html#Load-a-model). Different file
formats are recognised from the filename extension. HiGHS can read
plain text MPS files and (CPLEX) LP files. ***Compressed files?***.

Alternatively, data generated by an application can be passed to HiGHS via an
instance of the __HighsLp__ class populated by the user and
passed using the method [__passModel__](http://ergo-code.github.io/HiGHS/python/example-py.html#Pass-a-model). In languages where
such structures cannot be used, data constituting an LP model can be
passed via individual parameters.


### Model and solution management

HiGHS has comprehensive tools for defining and extracting models. This
can be done either to/from MPS or (CPLEX) format LP files, or via
method calls. HiGHS also has methods that permit the incumbent model
to be modified. Solutions can be supplied and extracted using either
files or method calls.




## Solving a model

HiGHS is used to solve a model by calling the
method __run__. By default, HiGHS minimizes the model's
objective function.

## Extracting the results

After solving a model, its status is the value returnedby the method __getModelStatus__. This value is of
type __HighsModelStatus__, and may be interpreted via the
names in the corresponding __enum__. The objective function
value and iteration count are obtained
using the methods __getObjectiveValue__
and __getIterationCount__. The solution and basis are
returned by the methods __getSolution__ and __getBasis__
respectively. Note that these are __const__ references to internal
data. HiGHS can also be used to write the solution to a file
using the method __writeSolution__, with the output going
to __stdout__ if the filename is blank.

## Option values

The option values that control HiGHS are of
type __string__, __bool__, __int__
and __double__. Options are referred to by
a __string__ identical to the name of their identifier. A
full specification of the options is given [here](http://ergo-code.github.io/HiGHS/HighsOptions.html). An option value is changed by passing its
name and value to the method __setHighsOptionValue__. This
returns a __HighsStatus__ error if the name is unrecognised
or the value is illegal. The current value of an option is obtained by
passing its name to the method __getHighsOptionValue__.

## Extracting model data

The numbers of column, rows and nonzeros in the model are returned
by the methods __getNumCols__, __getNumRows__
and __getNumEntries__ respectively. Data for columns and
rows from the model may be extracted using the methods __getCols__
and __getRows__, and specific matrix coefficients obtained
using the method __getCoeff__.

## Modifying a model

The most immediate model modification is to change the sense of the
objective. By default, HiGHS minimizes the model's objective
function. The objective sense can be set to minimize (maximize) by
passing the value 1 (-1) to the
method __changeObjectiveSense__. The cost coefficient or
bounds of a column are changed by passing its index and new value(s)
to the
methods __changeColCost__, __changeColBounds__. The
corresponding method for a row is __changeRowBounds__.

For the convenience of application developers, data for multiple
columns and rows can be changed in three different ways in HiGHS. This
is introduced in the case of column costs. The columns can be defined
by the first and last indices of the interval of columns whose costs
will be changed, together with the corresponding values. When costs
for a non-contiguous set of columns are changed, they may be specified
as a set of indices (which need not be ordered), the number of entries
in the set and the corresponding values. Alternatively, the columns to
be changed (not changed) may be specified by setting values of +1 (0)
in an integer mask of dimension equal to the number of columns,
together with a full-length vector of values. In all three cases, the
method used is called __changeColsCosts__. The bounds of
multiple columns or rows are changed using the
methods __changeColsBounds__ or __changeRowsBounds__
  respectively.

An individual matrix coefficient is changed by passing its row
index, column index and new value to __changeCoeff__.

To add a column or row to the model, pass the necessary data to the
method __addCol__ or __addRow__
respectively. Multiple columns and rows can be added using the
methods __addCols__ or __addRows__.

Columns or rows can be deleted from the model using the
methods __deleteCols__ or __deleteRows__. As above,
the columns or rows to be deleted may be specified as a contiguous
interval, a set or via a mask. In the case of the latter, the new
indices of any remaining columns or rows are returned in place of the
entries of 0.

## Other operations

To run HiGHS from a user-defined solution or basis, this is passed to HiGHS using the methods __setSolution__ or __setBasis__.


HiGHS has a suite of methods for operations with the invertible
representation of the current basis matrix $B$. To use
these requires knowledge of the corresponding (ordered) basic
variables. This is obtained using the
method __getBasicVariables__, with non-negative values being
columns and negative values corresponding to row indices plus one [so
-1 indicates row 0]. Methods __getBasisInverseRow__
and __getBasisInverseRow__ yield a specific row or column
of $B^{-1}$. Methods __getBasisSolve__
and __getBasisTransposeSolve__ yield the solution
of $Bx=b$ and $Bx=b$ respectively. Finally, the
methods __getReducedRow__ and __getReducedColumn__
yield a specific row or column of $B^{-1}A$. In all cases,
HiGHS can return the number and indices of the nonzeros in the result.

Commit message:

Added more Python examples and general updates

src/guide.md, after:

## Loading a model

The simplest way to use HiGHS to solve a model is to load it 
from a file using the method [__readModel__](http://ergo-code.github.io/HiGHS/python/example-py.html#Load-a-model). Different file
formats are recognised from the filename extension. HiGHS can read
plain text MPS files and (CPLEX) LP files. In general, HiGHS can read compressed files.

Alternatively, data generated by an application can be passed to HiGHS
via an instance of the __HighsLp__ class populated by the user and
passed using the method
[__passModel__](http://ergo-code.github.io/HiGHS/python/example-py.html#Pass-a-model). In
languages where such structures cannot be used, data constituting an
LP model can be passed via individual parameters.

### Building a model

The model in HiGHS can be built using a sequence of calls to add
variables and constraints. This is most easily done one-by-one using
the methods [__addCol__ and
__addRow__](http://ergo-code.github.io/HiGHS/python/example-py.html#Build-a-model). Alterntively, [__addVar__ and
__addRow__](http://ergo-code.github.io/HiGHS/python/example-py.html#Build-a-model) can be used, with [__changeColCost__](http://ergo-code.github.io/HiGHS/python/example-py.html#Build-a-model) used to define each objective coefficient.

Addition of multiple variables and constraints can be achieved using [__addVars__ and
__addRows__](http://ergo-code.github.io/HiGHS/python/example-py.html#Build-a-model), with [__changeColsCost__](http://ergo-code.github.io/HiGHS/python/example-py.html#Build-a-model) used to define objective coefficients. Note that defining the model in this way requires vectors of data and the specification of constraint coefficients as compressed [row-wise](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sparse_matrix#Compressed_sparse_row_(CSR,_CRS_or_Yale_format)) or [column-wise](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sparse_matrix#Compressed_sparse_column_(CSC_or_CCS)) matrices.

### Solving a model

The incumbent model in HiGHS is solved by a call to the method
__run__. Where possible, HiGHS will [hot
start](http://ergo-code.github.io/HiGHS/guide.html#Hot-start) the
solver using solution information obtained on previous runs, or
supplied by the user.

### Model and solution management

HiGHS has comprehensive tools for defining and extracting models. This
can be done either to/from MPS or (CPLEX) format LP files, or via
method calls. HiGHS also has methods that permit the incumbent model
to be modified. Solutions can be supplied and extracted using either
files or method calls.




## Solving a model

HiGHS is used to solve a model by calling the
method __run__. By default, HiGHS minimizes the model's
objective function.

## Extracting the results

After solving a model, its status is the value returnedby the method __getModelStatus__. This value is of
type __HighsModelStatus__, and may be interpreted via the
names in the corresponding __enum__. The objective function
value and iteration count are obtained
using the methods __getObjectiveValue__
and __getIterationCount__. The solution and basis are
returned by the methods __getSolution__ and __getBasis__
respectively. Note that these are __const__ references to internal
data. HiGHS can also be used to write the solution to a file
using the method __writeSolution__, with the output going
to __stdout__ if the filename is blank.

## Option values

The option values that control HiGHS are of
type __string__, __bool__, __int__
and __double__. Options are referred to by
a __string__ identical to the name of their identifier. A
full specification of the options is given [here](http://ergo-code.github.io/HiGHS/HighsOptions.html). An option value is changed by passing its
name and value to the method __setHighsOptionValue__. This
returns a __HighsStatus__ error if the name is unrecognised
or the value is illegal. The current value of an option is obtained by
passing its name to the method __getHighsOptionValue__.

## Extracting model data

The numbers of column, rows and nonzeros in the model are returned
by the methods __getNumCols__, __getNumRows__
and __getNumEntries__ respectively. Data for columns and
rows from the model may be extracted using the methods __getCols__
and __getRows__, and specific matrix coefficients obtained
using the method __getCoeff__.

## Modifying a model

The most immediate model modification is to change the sense of the
objective. By default, HiGHS minimizes the model's objective
function. The objective sense can be set to minimize (maximize) by
passing the value 1 (-1) to the
method __changeObjectiveSense__. The cost coefficient or
bounds of a column are changed by passing its index and new value(s)
to the
methods __changeColCost__, __changeColBounds__. The
corresponding method for a row is __changeRowBounds__.

For the convenience of application developers, data for multiple
columns and rows can be changed in three different ways in HiGHS. This
is introduced in the case of column costs. The columns can be defined
by the first and last indices of the interval of columns whose costs
will be changed, together with the corresponding values. When costs
for a non-contiguous set of columns are changed, they may be specified
as a set of indices (which need not be ordered), the number of entries
in the set and the corresponding values. Alternatively, the columns to
be changed (not changed) may be specified by setting values of +1 (0)
in an integer mask of dimension equal to the number of columns,
together with a full-length vector of values. In all three cases, the
method used is called __changeColsCosts__. The bounds of
multiple columns or rows are changed using the
methods __changeColsBounds__ or __changeRowsBounds__
  respectively.

An individual matrix coefficient is changed by passing its row
index, column index and new value to __changeCoeff__.

To add a column or row to the model, pass the necessary data to the
method __addCol__ or __addRow__
respectively. Multiple columns and rows can be added using the
methods __addCols__ or __addRows__.

Columns or rows can be deleted from the model using the
methods __deleteCols__ or __deleteRows__. As above,
the columns or rows to be deleted may be specified as a contiguous
interval, a set or via a mask. In the case of the latter, the new
indices of any remaining columns or rows are returned in place of the
entries of 0.

## Other operations

To run HiGHS from a user-defined solution or basis, this is passed to HiGHS using the methods __setSolution__ or __setBasis__.


HiGHS has a suite of methods for operations with the invertible
representation of the current basis matrix $B$. To use
these requires knowledge of the corresponding (ordered) basic
variables. This is obtained using the
method __getBasicVariables__, with non-negative values being
columns and negative values corresponding to row indices plus one [so
-1 indicates row 0]. Methods __getBasisInverseRow__
and __getBasisInverseRow__ yield a specific row or column
of $B^{-1}$. Methods __getBasisSolve__
and __getBasisTransposeSolve__ yield the solution
of $Bx=b$ and $Bx=b$ respectively. Finally, the
methods __getReducedRow__ and __getReducedColumn__
yield a specific row or column of $B^{-1}A$. In all cases,
HiGHS can return the number and indices of the nonzeros in the result.
