src/index.md, before:

# HiGHS - High Performance Optimization Software
[![Build Status](https://github.com/ERGO-Code/HiGHS/workflows/build/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ERGO-Code/HiGHS/actions?query=workflow%3Abuild+branch%3Amaster)

HiGHS is software for the definition, modification and solution of
large scale sparse linear optimization problems. It is freely
available from [GitHub](https://github.com/ERGO-Code/HiGHS) under the
MIT licence, and has no third-party dependencies.

### Specification

HiGHS can solve linear programming (LP) problems of the form
```math
\textrm{minimize} \qquad c^Tx \qquad \textrm{subject to} \qquad L \le Ax \le U; \qquad l \le x \le u.
```
and mixed integer programming (MIP) problems of the same form, for
which some of the variables must take integer values. HiGHS also
solves quadratic programming (QP) problems, with (additional)
objective term $(1/2)x^TQx$, where the Hessian matrix $Q$ is positive
semi-definite. It cannot solve QP problems where some of the variables
must take integer values.

More on the
[terminology](http://ergo-code.github.io/HiGHS/terminology.html) of
optimization is available.

### Using HiGHS

HiGHS can be used as a standalone executable on Windows, Linux and
MacOS. There is also a C++11 library that can be used within a C++
project or, via its C, C#, FORTRAN, Julia and Python interfaces.

The executable and libraries can be built from source code, or
downloaded as precompiled
[binaries](https://ergo-code.github.io/HiGHS/binaries.html).
[Building HiGHS from source
code](https://ergo-code.github.io/HiGHS/cpp/get-started.html#Building-HiGHS-from-source-code)
requires a C++ compiler and CMake, but no other third-party utilities.

### Overview

The standalone
[executable](https://ergo-code.github.io/HiGHS/executable.html) allows
models to be solved from
[MPS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MPS_(format)) files or (CPLEX)
[LP](https://web.mit.edu/lpsolve/doc/CPLEX-format.htm) files, with
full control of- the HiGHS run-time options, and the solution can be
written to files in human and computer-readable formats.

The functionality of the HiGHS is introduced via a
[guide](https://ergo-code.github.io/HiGHS/guide.html), with links to
examples of its use in
[Python](http://ergo-code.github.io/HiGHS/python/pip.html). This makes
use of the C++ structures and enums, and is as close as possible to
the native C++ library calls. These can be studied via the [C++ header
file](https://github.com/ERGO-Code/HiGHS/blob/master/src/Highs.h). The
C interface cannot make use of the C++ structures and enums, and can
be studied via the [C header
file](https://github.com/ERGO-Code/HiGHS/blob/master/src/interfaces/highs_c_api.h).

### Solvers

For LP problems, HiGHS has implementations of both the revised simplex
and interior point methods. MIPs are solved by branch-and-price, and
QPs by active set.

###  Reference

Academic users of HiGHS should cite the following article.

[Parallelizing the dual revised simplex method](http://www.maths.ed.ac.uk/hall/HuHa13/)
Q. Huangfu and J. A. J. Hall
Mathematical Programming Computation, 10 (1), 119-142, 2018.
DOI: 10.1007/s12532-017-0130-5

### Performance

The performance of HiGHS relative to some commercial and open-source simplex solvers may be assessed via the [Mittelmann benchmarks](http://plato.asu.edu/ftp/lpsimp.html).


### Feedback

Your comments or specific questions on HiGHS would be greatly
appreciated, so please send an email to
[highsopt@gmail.com](mailto:highsopt@gmail.com) to get in touch with
the team.

Commit message:

Completed draft section on load/build/pass a model

src/index.md, after:

# HiGHS - High Performance Optimization Software
[![Build Status](https://github.com/ERGO-Code/HiGHS/workflows/build/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ERGO-Code/HiGHS/actions?query=workflow%3Abuild+branch%3Amaster)

HiGHS is software for the definition, modification and solution of
large scale sparse linear optimization problems. It is freely
available from [GitHub](https://github.com/ERGO-Code/HiGHS) under the
MIT licence, and has no third-party dependencies.

### Specification

HiGHS can solve linear programming (LP) problems of the form
```math
\textrm{minimize} \qquad c^Tx \qquad \textrm{subject to} \qquad l \le Ax \le u; \qquad L \le x \le U.
```
and mixed integer programming (MIP) problems of the same form, for
which some of the variables must take integer values. HiGHS also
solves quadratic programming (QP) problems, with (additional)
objective term $(1/2)x^TQx$, where the Hessian matrix $Q$ is positive
semi-definite. It cannot solve QP problems where some of the variables
must take integer values.

More on the
[terminology](http://ergo-code.github.io/HiGHS/terminology.html) of
optimization is available.

### Using HiGHS

HiGHS can be used as a standalone executable on Windows, Linux and
MacOS. There is also a C++11 library that can be used within a C++
project or, via its C, C#, FORTRAN, Julia and Python interfaces.

The executable and libraries can be built from source code, or
downloaded as precompiled
[binaries](https://ergo-code.github.io/HiGHS/binaries.html).
[Building HiGHS from source
code](https://ergo-code.github.io/HiGHS/cpp/get-started.html#Building-HiGHS-from-source-code)
requires a C++ compiler and CMake, but no other third-party utilities.

### Overview

The standalone
[executable](https://ergo-code.github.io/HiGHS/executable.html) allows
models to be solved from
[MPS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MPS_(format)) files or (CPLEX)
[LP](https://web.mit.edu/lpsolve/doc/CPLEX-format.htm) files, with
full control of- the HiGHS run-time options, and the solution can be
written to files in human and computer-readable formats.

The HiGHS library allows models to be loaded, built and modified. It
can also be used to extract solution data and perform other operations
relatin to the incumbent model. The full functionality is introduced
via a [guide](https://ergo-code.github.io/HiGHS/guide.html), with
links to examples of its use in
[Python](http://ergo-code.github.io/HiGHS/python/pip.html). This makes
use of the C++ structures and enums, and is as close as possible to
the native C++ library calls. These can be studied via the [C++ header
file](https://github.com/ERGO-Code/HiGHS/blob/master/src/Highs.h). The
C interface cannot make use of the C++ structures and enums, and can
be studied via the [C header
file](https://github.com/ERGO-Code/HiGHS/blob/master/src/interfaces/highs_c_api.h).

### Solvers

For LP problems, HiGHS has implementations of both the revised simplex
and interior point methods. MIPs are solved by branch-and-price, and
QPs by active set.

###  Reference

If you use HiGHS in an academic context, please acknowledge this and cite the following article.

Parallelizing the dual revised simplex method
Q. Huangfu and J. A. J. Hall
Mathematical Programming Computation, 10 (1), 119-142, 2018.
DOI: [10.1007/s12532-017-0130-5](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s12532-017-0130-5)

### Performance

The performance of HiGHS relative to some commercial and open-source simplex solvers may be assessed via the [Mittelmann benchmarks](http://plato.asu.edu/ftp/lpsimp.html).

### Feedback

Your comments or specific questions on HiGHS would be greatly
appreciated, so please send an email to
[highsopt@gmail.com](mailto:highsopt@gmail.com) to get in touch with
the team.
